what happened in light
of the investigation of fan pages including
anti-Semitic anti-Semitic positions on the part
of exponents of the National youth front
but here there is obviously the responsibility
of the leaders but there is also a
widespread humus in these youth sections of
National youth
Nazi-fascism is praised,
mythologies of violence and oppression,
anti-Semitism,
discrimination, the sections really need to be cleaned up
too, there is the responsibility
of the managers and they need to be cleaned up and
all these
young people who, so to speak,
confirm these attitudes from these chats should be thrown out but in
all of this Giorgia Meloni  that not only
the prime minister but the
party leader does what he does It is possible that you manage to
remain silent even in the face of
these very
serious and pressing facts he manages to remain
silent